well howdy they're gonna know people
let's bow again yeah hi today I was out
with my dog we're chasing this rabbit
fell down this hole and things have just
gotten curiouser and curiouser since
then I know I normally update you guys
on what's going on in United States I
can't do that because I don't know
what's happening there but I'm gonna
tell you what's going on here in
Wonderland maybe that'll help the Jack
of Diamonds has risen to the throne
after his third or fourth marriage and
an attempt to get there much like the
Queen of Hearts he runs around the
palace going to different government
departments screaming off with their
heads
must be a tradition here in Wonderland
I'm not really sure he started a trade
war with the land arms and I spoke to
the chief of the local Hatter's Union
today and he said that the tariffs are
basically ruining the economy sending us
into recession and that he's unable to
get the materials they need to work I
mean he's just outright mad the Jack of
Diamonds has the most expansive
communication system in history but for
some reason he has borrowed birch from
Snow White and tends to deliver messages
through those those messages are short
rambling paranoid delusional and most
times any coherent almost as if they
were written by a raven at a writing
desk
he tends to blame foreigners for loss of
jobs rather than automation and since
most of his supporters don't read
anything that is longer than a tweet
that they tend to believe them now there
was a problem near the palace with a
swamp and he did manage to drain that
but he turned all the alligators loose
inside the palace where they are
currently feasting on the treasury in an
attempt to help out the little guy he
dispersed royal funds to the rich in the
hopes that they would throw coins at
poor people for fun they didn't they of
course just kept the money for
themselves
currently in the palace paranoia is
running deep there are witch hunts
everywhere if you ask the jack part of
that paranoia has led to an obsession
with national security and he has
contacted Elsa to come in and build a
wall of ice around the country and he
told her that Dora the explora would pay
for it we're still not sure how that's
gonna play out in a move that surprised
a lot of people he has torn down Don
Quixote famous windmills because
apparently they cause cancer I guess and
they're gonna be replace with
clean-burning call in another surprise
move he's attempting to purchase grain
acres even though he has been told
repeatedly it is not personal a couple
of years ago there was a riot over at
Charlotte's Web and recently one of the
participants in that riot well he
attempted to attack a religious
community center but I'm sure there are
still fine people on both sides
incidentally at the same time the locals
seem to have trouble telling the
difference between fries and antifreeze
I guess they do the same thing and
earlier today I ran into a lion
immigrant he came over from the land oz
and for some reason he's just terrified
of some invasion of unarmed men women
and children who are apparently not part
of a military and not looking to cause
violence but it's an invasion of some
sort and he also seems to believe
there's some kind of magical line they
can get in and then they'll be okay if
they go through this line that doesn't
actually exist this is a strange place
here yes
strategy plays I mean you know I don't
understand how these people believe this
stuff to be honest the jacket Jack of
Diamonds is a lot like the Queen of
Hearts with her croquet
he has proclaimed himself master of 4d
chess I got to play chess with him
earlier today he can't even play rank
under chess to be honest if I had a
world of my own everything would be
nonsense nothing would be what it is
because everything would be what it
isn't
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day